OSSM-11032 [DOCS] Modify upgrade procedure for ambient mode (#101283)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-updating-cross-namespace-waypoint.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// update/ossm-updating-openshift-service-mesh-in-ambient-mode.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ossm-updating-cross-namespace-waypoint_{context}"]
= Updating cross-namespace waypoint

[role="_abstract"]
If you are using cross-namespace waypoints, verify that the `istio.io/use-waypoint-namespace` and `istio.io/use-waypoint` labels are correctly applied to the relevant namespaces before updating.

> . Verify the namespace labels by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify the namespace with any of the waypoint labels by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get ns bookinfo --show-labels | grep waypoint
----

> . If the labels are missing or incorrect, re-apply the labels:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If there is no namespace with the label or are incorrect, re-apply the labels:
```
